
READ:
	I DONT want a combat system in this game, all potion effects for things like fire/col/general resistance,
	healing, etc. are for helping the player *explore*.
	I think a big world that, while dangerous, is peaceful would be a nice change of pace
	from how these types of games usually are.
	Environmental hazards, done right, can help say that nature is beuatiful and we're working with it
	but that it's still dangerous and getting more potent ingredients to help nature might hurt you 
	in the process - the rewards, however, will be great
	
	Please feel free to change or add to anything here, its conceptual!
	Lemme know what you do tho cuz I'm not sure I'll look here much lol

Potion System Design Layout



Basics:
	Player has a cauldron and multiple tools to use ingredients in
	Cauldron gets filled with a BASE and the base determines the type
	Ingredients can have their PROPERTIES changed with the other tools
		The overall effect of the ingredient will not change greatly, 
		but the way it behaves will be different (more later)
	Certain ingredients or potions will need time to reach full potential
		Stored in mason jars or other cauldrons while the time passess
		this leaves the main cauldron free to do quicker things
	Potions must have use for player as well as for selling/quests
	Cauldron fire started with wood or fire stones, magical ENERGY used in the process of making
		To maintain fire, make the potion work, etc.
	Potions can fail! If adding too many ingredients/too much/ incorrect preparation
	
Healing Others:
	Occasionally, npcs will ask for / need cures for various illnesses/ailments. There are two aspects for these: 
	effectivness and pleasantness. NPCs will always be grateful for a working cure, but will be extra happy with a cure that
	is more pleasant to them. For example, making a medicinal soda using a syrup/tincture and soda water vs. giving a spoonful of syrup, 
	or making a salve use beeswax vs. grease. This is extra true for children and a great way to customize your creation to not just
	the ailment but the person you are making it for :)
	
Cooking:
	We do not have a distinction between cooking and alchemy in this game, they blend together by design :)
	As you level up your space and skills, you unlock more/better ways to make potions and cook. 
	
Add-ins for extra small boosts after the potion is made?
	
Perhaps potions lose potency over time, to encourage players to keep making them?
	
TIME DOES NOT PASS IN THE POTION UI

Types:
Types unlock as player progresses, tho nothing is stopping them
if they get the ingredients earlier than intended (trading probably)
Good for players that know what they need, and instructions will come up for those who don't

- Draught -
	Water based
	Used for making quick, simple potions; one or two ingredients tops
	Best for *delicate* ingredients to get their most potential
	Shortest shelf life?
	
- Syrup - 
	Sugar based
	Quick and simple like Draughts, but is best for fruits, berries, and nuts
	Longer shelf life
	Tasty!
	
- Salve -
	Oil/Wax based
	Best for herbs and greens and mixing in multiple things all at once
	Medium shelf life
	Oil can be reused
	(beeswax, olive, canola, coconut oil)
	
- Tincture - 
	Alchohol based 
	Strongest potions, but only for tough ingredients
	Longest shelf life; does not fade but is instant when it happens
	turns into infused vinegar after spoiling

Tools
Different tools affect PROPERTIES of ingredients, with some being better than others for certain purposes
ex. muddling berries in a mortar + pestle is best for making a tincture with them,
	maceration with berries for Draughts, and leaving them whole is best for Syrups.
Some ingredients won't work in potions until they are treated properly - use logic for it 
	ex. berries in a salve? no. dried berries crushed and added to a salve? good.
When an ingredient is worked, its effect changes:
	ex. A flower used for heat resistance would give like 5 mins of mid heat resistance in a draught
		if you macerate it first, it isnt as strong but lasts for longer
		chopped and added to a tincture, it is a short-term strong res.
		Subject to change obvs but as an example lol
	
- Mortar and Pestle - 
	Grinds ingredients into muddles (poultices) or powders
	Move the pestel up and down with the mouse - see Potion Craft
- Mason Jars -
	For waiting for infused liquids - vinegar, macerates, essential oils, honey
	Shake the jars
- Drying racks -
	Make dried ingredients for crushing and adding to salves/ after making potions
	Arrange the racks to keep ingredients from overlapping and check crunch
- Slow cooking cauldrons -
	For making stronger potions at the cost of time
	Stir them occassionally, make the heat proper when you first set them to go
- Fermentation Jugs - 
	Turn draughts and syrups into tinctures, mostly for making vinegars
	Keep potions potent for longer
	No special minigame, but you can hear them "burp" now and then lmao
- Cutting Board - 
	most basic step 1 for nearly everything, few things worked with whole
	cut! up! those! ingredients!!!!!
 
Add-ins
Add-ins are for after a potion is made, and can be more of an ingredient (giving that a boost)
or something like a crystal (general boost), literally just tossed into potion

I want ingredients and their effects to be based on actual herbalism
Most plants i know are poisonous in some way, but some can be used for stuff like pain relief
so please help expand this lmao
INGREDIENTS LIST
	Mustard seeds
	Poppy - sleep
	Buttercup - Luck
	Amarita Vien
	Watercolour Mushroom - water colour dimension
	Browncaps - Foraging
	Yew bark - poisonous but can be used for an anti-cancer med
	Seaweed/seagrapes - water related? (i think this can also be used for burns - em)
	Garlic
	Foxglove - poisonous but can be used in heart medication
	Willow bark - headaches & pain
	Mint - neausia and indegestion
	Aloe - burns (topical), drink for something else
	
	
	
